Update the documentation on how to integrate a minigame (#204)
Gamify-IT/docs: dev-manuals/services/integrate-new-minigame.md

```java
case <YOUR_MINIGAME_NAME>:
        cloneId = <YOUR_MINIGAME_NAME>Client.postClone(accessToken, minigameTask.getConfigurationId());
        break;
```
The code snippet above is an example to clone a configuration with questions.

## Integrate cloning into the minigame:

The backend of the minigame has to provide a route to clone a configuration preferably at `/configurations/{id}/clone`.

> This logic should deep copy a configuration for expample by implementing the clone() interface in every object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This logic should deep copy a configuration (without the object IDs) for example by implementing the `clone()` method in every object.
Additionally, the minigame should validate that only lecturers can clone a course.
It can do this by requiring a cookie (we recommend the cookie name `access_token` to conform with all other minigames) that is a [JWT token](https://jwt.io/) that, when verified, should have the role `lecturer`.
```
